doc: thread: SSED and device type updates (#11619)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/thread/sed_ssed.rst

Reviewer: I believe that apart from the power consumption perspective we should also comment about the radio channel usage, i.e., for environments where many sleepy devices are expected it would be beneficial to use SSEDs to reduce over the air traffic. This is probably not an argument for the residential market, but could have some impact on more specific use cases.

**************************

Compared to an SED, an SSED has no drawbacks for transmission and provides reduced power consumption and network traffic.

Based on the SED and SSED characteristics, use SSED for cases that meet the following criteria:

* You need a small latency (small CSL interval).
  As a rule of thumb, use SSED when the application requires to poll more often than every 20 seconds, but make sure to make detailed measurements for your use case.

> * You want to have similar or smaller power consumption than with SED.

Reviewer 2: From what I understand, SSEDs are viable to use only when the added code and complexity are justified by the lower power usage. Frequent polling (eg. at least every 20s as proposed by Eduardo) makes the device a candidate to be a viable SSED, given the device and parent uncertainty (among other parameters) is good enough - so the decision whether to use SSED still requires some application-specific data.
We could write something along those lines - the more frequent polling, the better candidate the device is to be SSED, as long as other parameters don't make the transmission window's size abysmal.
The important thing here is also that parent devices from other vendors might have big uncertainty, which will result in a big transmission window regardless of how low the uncertainty is on the child (SSED).

Author: @LuDuda , any opinions about Piotr's proposal?

Reviewer 3: Good suggestions from Piotr. In general I'm a bit afraid to "recommend" SSED role blindly for manufacturers even if latency is less than ~20s. 

The whole Thread/Matter ecosystem is not yet fully ready. I would say that the default option is SED. However, SSED is great when it's parent has small CSL uncertainty as well accuracy. We don't have an example in SDK, but customer may use information about parent's CSL parameters (uncertainty and accuracy) to switch to SSED role or not. This can be done just after attachment dynamically.

In general what Piotr suggested is great. E.g. that SSED is viable option and may decrease power consumption in case the CSL interval is small (~<20s) as well as parent has decent CSL parameters.

> For example, one specific market application of SSEDs could be window coverings.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, one specific market application of SSEDs could be window coverings. For this use-case blinds need to be very responsive e.g. latency within 500ms, while data is very rarely exchanged between controller device and window covering device.
```

**************************

Compared to an SED, an SSED has no drawbacks for transmission and provides reduced power consumption and network traffic.

Based on the SED and SSED characteristics, use SSED for cases that meet one or more of the following criteria:

* You need a small latency (ensured by small poll period for SEDs or small CSL interval for SSEDs).

>   As a general rule, SSED is a viable option and may decrease power consumption if the CSL interval is small (less than 20 seconds) and the parent has decent CSL parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a general rule, SSED is a viable option and may decrease power consumption if the CSL Period is small (less than 20 seconds) and the parent has decent CSL Accuracy.
```
